1. Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sarah 
who loved to play with her ball. 
She would go outside and kick it around the yard with her grandpa. 
One day Sarah and grandpa were playing in the yard 
when Sarah noticed a pretty flower. 
She ran over to pick it and gave it to her grandpa as a present. 
Grandpa was so happy! 
He thanked Sarah and gave her a big hug. 
After that, grandpa took Sarah inside to color with her crayons. 
She sat at the table and drew pictures of them playing 
in the garden together with the flower she had picked for him. 
When she finished, grandpa tucked Sarah into bed 
and told her how much he loved her. 
Sarah drifted off to sleep, 
dreaming about all of the fun times she had with her grandpa
and the precious flower she had given him.

|

2. Today I saw a rainbow. It was so beautiful that I wanted to catch it for my very own.
I put on my raincoat and hat and ran outdoors.
Fast as the wind I ran.
But when I came to where the rainbow should have been,
it wasn't there.
I thought, Maybe some rainy day a rainbow will come and stay a while. I'll be walking along slowly,
and suddenly I'll hear a soft whirring sound like the wings of a bird. I'll look around and see
a rainbow following me!
I'll know by the way it circles and whirls
it wants to play.
So I'll hop over my rainbow,
and my rainbow will leap over me.
I'll climb up one side
and slide down the other.
My rainbow will make a peacock fan for me to walk in front of
and a hammock for me to swing in.
We'll play a game of hide-and-go-seek. I'll shut my eyes and count to twenty, and then look all around.
If I were a rainbow, where would I hide?
In a flower garden, of course!
Rows of flowers look like a rainbow.
Suddenly the sun came out again from behind the rain clouds,
and my pretend rainbow disappeared the way real rainbows do.
But when I came back home, I saw something glowing inside the window of my room,
and when I ran indoors,
there was a rainbow dancing on the wall! The sun was shining through the water in my goldfish bowl, and it made a rainbow just for me - 
a rainbow of my very own!

|

3. Emily was a serious girl.
One day, while she was in a serious mood, taking a serious walk, she met Duck.
Duck was definitely not serious.
"Duck," asked Emily, "What are you wearing?"
"Socks!" yelled Duck.
"Ducks don't wear socks," replied Emily, quite seriously.
"Cold feet!" yelled Duck, and off he went.
The next day, they met again. Emily was still serious. Duck was still not.
"No socks!" laughed Duck.
"But," Emily pointed out, quite earnestly, "you're wearing a tie and ducks don't wear ties."
"Big meeting!" yelled Duck. ANd off he ran, tie flapping in the wind.
The day after, Emily was still a serious girl, but she almost smiled when she saw Duck again.
"A hat?" asked Emily. "I have never seen a duck wear a hat."
"Late for the roundup!" yelled Duck. ANd off he galloped, into the sunset.
Emily almost laughed, but she bit her lip and managed to stay serious. Until the next day…
"Duck!" Emily began to ask, "Are those…?"
"Boots!" yelled Duck. "Fields to plow! Crops to plant!"
Emily's lips slowly curled into smile, and she kept smiling until the next day when…
"Duck!" exclaimed Emily, at the sight of Duck wearing…
"Underwear!" yelled Duck.
"I have never, ever seen a duck wearing underwear!" Emily gasped.
"Pants on the line!" yelled Duck. ANd off he sailed, not the least bit embarrassed. Emily smiled. And she began to giggle.
Before she went to sleep that night, Emily laughed--just a little bit--to herself.
The next day, Emily just happened to meet Duck. Again.
But this time…
"Emily!" Called Duck. "What are you wearing?"
"I'm a duck!" laughed Emily.
"A duck!" yelled Duck.
Emily laughed so hard that she cried.
Duck laughed so hard that he quacked.
And off they went.

|

4. Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amelia 
who loved to eat tasty food. 
One day, her mom decided to make her a special sandwich for lunch.
It was made with carrots and pineapple - 
something Amelia had never tried before! 
Amelia was a bit hesitant to try it at first, but she eventually gave it a try. 
To her surprise, it was delicious! 
She loved the sweet taste of the pineapple 
mixed with the crunchy texture of the carrots. 
From then on, she started asking her mom to make her that same sandwich every day for lunch. 
The carrot and pineapple sandwich quickly became Amelia's favorite meal. 
It was so tasty that she even asked if she could take it to school for lunch. Everyone in class was so impressed with Amelia's unique sandwich 
that they all wanted to try it too! 
Amelia's carrot and pineapple sandwich was so popular amongst her classmates
that they nicknamed it "Amelia's Special Sandwich". 
From then on, Amelia always felt proud
when she brought her special sandwich to school every day.
